update contrib guide, add developer notes (#667)
fastplotlib/fastplotlib: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing Guide

`fastplotlib` is a next-generation plotting library built on top of the `pygfx` rendering engine that leverages modern 
GPU hardware and new graphics APIs to build large-scale scientific visualizations. We welcome and encourage contributions
from everyone! :smile: 

This guide explains how to contribute: if you have questions about the process, please 
reach out on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/fastplotlib/fastplotlib/discussions).

> **_NOTE:_** If you are already familiar with contributing to open-source software packages, 
> please check out the [quick guide](#contributing-quick-guide)!

## General Guidelines

Developers are encouraged to contribute to various areas of development. This could include the addition of new features (e.g. 

> graphics or selector tools), bug fixes, or the addition of new examples to the [examples gallery](https://fastplotlib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_gallery/index.html). 

Reviewer: update link to our new domain and /ver/dev

> graphics or selector tools), bug fixes, or the addition of new examples to the [examples gallery](https://fastplotlib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_gallery/index.html). 

Author: ```suggestion
graphics or selector tools), bug fixes, or the addition of new examples to the [examples gallery](https://www.fastplotlib.org/ver/dev/). 
```

Enhancements to documentation and the overall readability of the code are also greatly appreciated. 

Feel free to work on any section of the code that you believe you can improve. More importantly, remember to thoroughly test all
your classes and functions, and to provide clear, detailed comments within your code. This not only aids others in using the library,
but also facilitates future maintenance and further development.

For more detailed information about `fastplotlib` modules, including design choices and implementation details, visit the 

> [`For Develeopers`](https://fastplotlib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developer_notes/index.html) section of the package documentation.

Reviewer: update link to our new domain and /ver/dev

> [`For Develeopers`](https://fastplotlib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developer_notes/index.html) section of the package documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
[`For Develeopers`](https://www.fastplotlib.org/ver/dev/developer_notes/index.html) section of the package documentation.
```
